Release 3.4.2 bugfix release (#1190)
netket/netket: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

### Bug Fixes

## NetKet 3.4.2 (BugFixes & DepWarns again)

[GitHub commits](https://github.com/netket/netket/compare/v3.4.1...v3.4.2).

### Internal Changes
* Several deprecation warnings related to `jax.experimental.loops` being deprecated have been resolved by changing those calls to `jax.lax.fori_loop`. Jax should feel more tranquillo now. [#1172](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1172)

### Bug Fixes
* Several _type promotion_ bugs that would end up promoting single-precision models to double-precision have been squashed. Those involved `nk.operator.Ising` and `nk.operator.BoseHubbard`[#1180](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1180), `nkx.TDVP` [#1186](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1186) and continuous-space samplers and operators [#1187](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1187).
* `nk.operator.Ising`, `nk.operator.BoseHubbard` and `nk.operator.LocalLiouvillian` now return connected samples with the same precision (`dtype`) as the input samples. This allows to preserve low precision along the computation when using those operators.[#1180](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1180)

> * `nkx.TDVP` now updates the expectation value displaied in the progress bar at every time-step. [#1182](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1182)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nkx.TDVP` now updates the expectation value displayed in the progress bar at every time step. [#1182](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1182)
```

> * Fixed bug [#1192](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1192) that affected most operators (`nk.operator.LocalOperator`) constructed on non-homogeneous hilbert spaces. This bug was first introduced in version 3.3.4 and affects all subsequent versions until [NEXT BUGFIX RELEASE]. [#1193](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1193)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed bug [#1192](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1192) that affected most operators (`nk.operator.LocalOperator`) constructed on non-homogeneous hilbert spaces. This bug was first introduced in version 3.3.4 and affects all subsequent versions until 3.4.2. [#1193](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1193)
```
